[Ishiguro] All four of you
are going to hell.
Shige, you're the only one of us
who can stop them!
-[tense music playing]
-[Teru] Kageyama! Use all of your powers!
[Mob] I can't just let them die.
I have no choice
but to fight with all I've got.
I'm warning you. Don't do it.
When things go south,
it's okay to run away and save yourself!
-[katana whooshing]
-[gasps]
[music fades]
Damn it! I can't believe
this is happening.
[Ritsu] R… Reigen. He's…
This isn't good.
Stress is about to hit my brother
like a tidal wave.
There's no telling what'll happen!
["99" playing]
♪ If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ One, two, three, four, five ♪
♪ Six, seven, eight, nine, ten ♪
♪ Eleven, twelve, thirteen
Fourteen, fifteen ♪
♪ Sixteen, seventeen
Eighteen, nineteen, twenty ♪
♪ Twenty-one, twenty-two
Twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Twenty-six, twenty-seven
Twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Thirty-one, thirty-two
Thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Thirty-six, thirty-seven
Thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Mob, Mob, what do you want? ♪
♪ Mob, Mob, why do you want?
Mob, Mob ♪
♪ Who do you want?
Move, move, just like Mob! ♪
♪ If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Your life is your own, okay? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Eighty-one, eighty-two
Eighty-three, eighty-four ♪
♪ Eighty-five, eighty-six, eighty-seven
Eighty-eight, eighty-nine, ninety ♪
♪ Ninety-one, ninety-two
Ninety-three, ninety-four, ninety-five ♪
♪ Ninety-six, ninety-seven
Ninety-eight, ninety-nine! ♪
[song concludes]
[Mob] Honestly.
-I really don't wanna hurt people.
-Huh?
[Mob] But if I don't,
we're going to be killed.
So I'm kinda stuck.
I realize that to protect everyone,
I've gotta do it.
Guess that pretty much sums things up.
Brother…
And yet.
My master told me
that it was okay to run away.
So…
LEAVE IT TO MASTER
-[sighs]
-[all gasp]
-[quirky music playing]
-No. Impossible.
Hey, don't scare me like that!
I thought you actually cut me
for a second.
[Ritsu] How is he standing?
He was sliced hard!
[Reigen] I know you said
that katana was just a toy,
but you really had me goin' there.
It's nothin' but plastic.
[chuckles]
Pretty sneaky.
Tell me, what kinda trick
did you use to cut the floor earlier?
[Teru] Hey, what's going on?
[Ritsu] He's acting like he usually does.
Bastard. How 'bout I just chop
your damn head off?!
-Ow!
-[gasps]
Listen, real adults don't have time
to play with toy swords
-It's time to grow up!
-[gasps]
[Teru] Huh. Guess I understand
how he's Kageyama's master now.
[Matsuo] Sakurai, move!
-Candy, attack!
-[roars]
Whoa! An evil spirit?
Hey! Mob! Do something.
-[Candy roars]
-[grunts]
That's it? What a weak-ass punch.
Are you a plushie?
[Matsuo] Huh?
Eat fist, mascot!
[Candy roars]
[Reigen] Oh, sorry!
I didn't mean to shred your costume!
[Ritsu] Reigen is actually the real deal?
[all] Don't get cocky.
Oh, crap! He's surrounded!
[music fades]
[Reigen] Huh? What was that all about?
Some kinda new 3D imagery or something?
What was the point?
[Muraki] He nullified all of them?
Is he some kind of monster?
[Ishiguro] How can this be?
Someone who's this skilled
still exists in this world?
He must be eliminated.
He can't get in the way
of our global domination.
Huh? Oh, I see.
You were using some kinda magic trick too.
You guys are total frauds.
Just try that thing
with the black orbs again.
[Ishiguro grunts]
-[Ritsu] There's a lot!
-[Teru] Is he gonna be okay?
-[quirky music playing]
-Leave this to the adult here.
Wow! I'm in great shape today!
[Mob] Master really is amazing.
[narrator] "It's okay to run away."
As soon as he heard those words,
the explosive amount
of energy building up to a critical level
within Mob changed its direction.
There are times when the power
of one's words are unfathomable.
Those with power must choose to fight.
The thought of that responsibility
made Mob's bridge collapse.
But sometimes,
one's heart can find
the resolution it needs
just by getting a helping hand.
As a result, all of Mob's energy
was temporarily tossed over to Reigen.
In essence, he'd successfully run away
and was feeling calm and refreshed.
All that was left in his heart
was gratitude towards his wise master.
[rapid beeping]
REIGEN ARATAKA 1000%
MOB 0%
Are these soap bubbles?
[Ishiguro] My Black Orbs…
They swallow up
and destroy anything they touch.
And this man is swatting them away
with his bare hands.
-[music fades]
-[Ishiguro] How?
What happened to the man
who was trying to run away
just a moment ago?
I'll have to put my body on the line, too.
Five Hundred Kilogram Tackle!
[tense music playing]
[Ishiguro] One Ton Punch!
Two Ton Guillotine!
You still conscious? Didn't think so.
No matter how powerful an esper you are,
you still fall short of excellence.
You have no desire for domination.
The reason
you're so powerful yet so unknown
is because you're hiding
your true abilities.
Well, I am different!
I am filled with ambition!
And I'll use my powers
to go higher and higher,
-and hold this world in--
-Get up.
-Nobody wants to hear you monologue.
-[Ishiguro gasps]
What a dense energy barrier!
Now I see what happened.
The reason my Black Orbs burst earlier
was because the energy
they were trying to take in
was way over their limit!
Inconceivable.
-Who in the world are y--
-[Reigen] Where are your manners?
When speaking to someone,
you should take off your mask!
-Head's up!
-[Ishiguro grunts]
-[music fades]
-Oh, guess it came off.
Anyway, what's with all this strength?
Could it be Mob's doing?
That's the only plausible explanation.
-[gasps]
-[grunts]
Listen, somebody your age
should stop messing around with toys.
[Sakurai gasps]
What could you possibly know?
To hell with that!
Don't try and lecture me
about my place in society
when you've only seen its good side!
When I was born, my parents abandoned me.
I was all alone.
A big happy family? Mother's cooking?
I got to experience none of that as a boy.
At the orphanage,
I was bullied relentlessly.
I cursed the world!
CURSE
[Sakurai] If I hadn't,
I wouldn't have survived!
All that rage and resentment
helped awaken my powers,
and I was able to get by because of them!
Anyone who rejects my way
of living can just-- [gasps]
What's with that face?
Don't look at me like that!
You and I. We're like brothers.
[Sakurai] Wait. He's the same as me?
-[somber music playing]
-[Reigen] Back when I was in grade school,
maybe it was around fourth grade,
I forgot to tell my parents
that it was sports day at school,
so I was the only one with nothing to eat.
Sure, that's sad,
but you did it to yourself.
-Why bring it up now?
-To show our bond
-of feeling lonely at times as boys.
-[music fades]
[Sakurai grunts]
Don't compare that stupid story to mine!
Jugan Air Gun!
Behold the ultimate
weapon of destruction. Die!
[grunts] If all else fails, I can put you
to sleep with this cursed cologne!
Hm? [sniffs] I don't really get it,
but don't point or spray that at others.
-Gimme that.
-[grunts]
-[Muraki grunts]
-Huh?
Come on, seriously? This crap again?
You have all these psychic powers
and you use them to do stuff like this?
-What a waste.
-What'd you say?
[Reigen] It's like you're a little kid
with a knife or something.
-I can't bear to watch.
-Who do you think you are?
[Reigen] What's with all that stuff
on your forehead?
What?! That's, uh--
It's nothing. You wouldn't get it.
[Reigen] And what's
with these goofy things
that look like shoulder pads?
Well, uh, those are there
to guard my shoulders.
Yeah. They're fashion accessories.
They don't serve any real purpose.
-[Ritsu] Huh?
-[grunts]
-[upbeat music playing]
-[Reigen] You guys just don't get it.
No matter what kind
of special powers you may have,
you're still only human.
No more and no less.
It's the same for everybody.
But somehow, you've all forgotten that.
You're so addicted to your special powers,
you've developed tunnel vision.
You want world domination,
but you haven't seen the world!
No one's gonna follow you knowing that!
Don't make me laugh!
First, get rid of those
ridiculous shoulder pads and grow up!
You, too! You just wanna escape
from society, right?
If you hope to make it big,
you have to live in reality!
Consider that the starting point!
You're telling us
to return to being commoners?
What? No way! You're not getting it!
Why don't you understand this?!
Think about who the hell you are
for a second!
You've always been a commoner!
A cog in the population!
But Claw only allows the elite espers to--
Look, I'm a commoner!
And I'm much more powerful
than any of you will ever be!
So tell me! What the hell
does that make you?
[Muraki grunts, sighs]
[music fades]
[Ritsu] He dragged them out
of their delusions and back into reality.
Shattering their dreams
and putting them in their place.
-[shivers] Your master's amazing!
-Yep!
No! That is absolutely false!
[all gasp]
-[tense music playing]
-It's the division leader's face.
Is he really that old?
I actually thought
he was a girl this whole time.
I reject your claims
that deny our greatness!
"You're only human. No more
and no less. The same as everyone else."
That is what you said, right?
Yeah.
[Ishiguro] It's not true!
And it's cruel to even suggest it!
We are superior lifeforms
to the rest of the dregs of humanity!
Our powers make us elite!
I'm sure you convinced yourself
of that to go on,
but the truth of the matter is
society really doesn't care
about you either way.
"Society." Blah, blah, blah.
No group of average people
is big enough for a god-among-men like me!
You rely too much
on these espers you've recruited.
The more I think about it,
the sadder I get.
[Ishiguro] I was born
with these powers, understand?
So what's the problem with me
showing them off?
What's wrong with changing the world?!
Stupid ape!
That's how I see you.
No different from a monkey!
It's hard to live!
Surviving's a chore,
even though I'm so special!
It's obvious I'm amazing.
Why won't you just acknowledge that?
I'm a gift!
This planet should put me
on a pedestal and worship me!
That is the only world
that is worthy of me!
-[music fades]
-Wrong.
Having psychic powers
doesn't make you popular.
See? There you have it.
You'll never be popular. So give it up.
[grunts] I'm going to erase you all.
Erase this whole building
and start over! [screams]
[both gasp]
-[tense music playing]
-[Reigen] Crap. Looks like I'm outta gas.
-Mob, lend me your powers again.
-Actually, I'm kinda tapped out right now.
[Reigen yelps] Oh, no!
We're being sucked in!
Disappear! Disappear! Disappear! [groans]
You just don't know when to quit.
Hey, that's--
[Ishiguro] Damn it!
I've got enough for you, too!
Disappear!
[Sho] A mass of gravity, huh? Interesting.
Imagine the gravity going backward.
[grunts]
As neat as that power is,
that wasn't an actual black hole.
If it's conceived from psychic powers,
-I can always find a way to deal with it.
-[Ishiguro yelps]
[groans]
Sorry, Gramps,
but you're no longer needed.
-[music fades]
-And as for you, listen up.
[gasp]
I'm disappointed in you. You coward.
The 7th Division will be dissolved.
I was ordered to inspect the place
and take anyone who seemed useful
back with me to HQ.
What're you talking about?
Weren't you a trainee?
[Sho] Sadly, there wasn't anyone
worth bothering with.
At least, not on the inside.
-Hm?
-Well, see ya!
[both] Huh?
[Matsuo chuckles]
The evil spirits
have been whittled down to one.
The poison jar has finally been completed!
Matsuo. We're finished here.
Come out, Marshmallow! Be free!
[sighs]
[groans]
-The hell is that?
-Dimple!
I was finally able to get out. [burps]
-[soft music playing]
-[Dimple] All right!
Now that I've consumed those spirits
and regained some of my strength,
I can help here!
-[Mob] It's already done.
-[Dimple] Huh?
You mean the climax happened without me?
-Is this an evil spirit?
-[Dimple] Whoa!
How is it that you're able to see me
when I'm not in my visible mode?!
-They're really strong.
-No. We're weak, plain and simple.
Which leads me to this.
I've realized those guys
just might be able to do it:
Stop Claw from world domination.
[music fades]
[musical beeping and chiming]
[calm music playing]
[inaudible conversation]
-[Tsubomi] Really? Let me see.
-[student] Check it out!
Oh, that looks great!
Let's all go together!
[Mob gasps] Tsubomi.
-She's as cute as ever today.
-[giggles]
-[music fades]
-Huh?
[Mob] Our eyes met!
-Stare much, creeper?
-[gasps]
-Mezato!
-You are such a spaz.
Look, staring at girls
is all well and good,
but today is the day
that you're going to talk to me.
-[Mob] The Body Improvement Club's today.
-Fine, I'll just wait for you.
But I've got my job after that.
[groans] Come on,
when are you gonna tell me everything?
[calm music playing]
[Kamuro] Your older brother came
by my place last night.
Huh? What did he want?
You must've been through quite a lot, too.
I think we both went a little crazy.
I'm done.
I'm gonna apologize to Onigawara.
I'll go with you.
But are you sure about this?
I mean, the entire student body's
gonna hate you.
Probably. But that's my fault
for doing something so stupid.
And now, my brother's
on my side, so I'll keep in line.
It'll be tough, but it's for the best.
[Onigawara] What?
So it was you guys
who planted the recorders on me.
That was a crappy thing to do.
And I knew anyway,
so it's not like it really matters now.
-Huh?
-Wait, what do you mean by that?
[Onigawara] I mean that people didn't care
whether I was actually the culprit or not.
They were chomping at the bit
to come at me,
a chance to kick me out.
That's where the problem was.
I realized that I was hated by everyone,
and how weak my heart was.
It's not the best feeling
in the world, let me tell ya.
-Hey.
-Huh?
Your brother was worried about you,
you know.
He thought I was gonna kick your ass
since I was so pissed off.
But I'll let things slide
since you're the shadow leader's
younger brother.
What's wrong, Onigawara?
You out of energy back there?
Just gimme a damn minute!
I'm still gonna grow,
just like White T-Poison did before me.
[Musashi] Body Transformation! Fight!
-[students] On!
-[Musashi] Fight!
[students] On!
[Mob pants]
[Ritsu] Huh?
That's your older brother, isn't it?
Is he okay?
Seems like he's about to pass out.
Yeah. 'Cause despite
how he might look, my brother is strong.
-Stronger than anybody else.
-[music fades]
-[Kamuro] He looks passed out to me.
-[Ritsu gasps]
-[video game handhelds beeping]
-Oh, by the way,
did you give up on your search
to find telepaths, President?
Actually, I haven't even started yet.
Right now, it's like a wild-goose chase,
so I'm trying to get
some solid leads first.
It would be nice if you guys tried
to help me out with that.
Well, I did a search
on the internet earlier today,
but I didn't find anything.
You lazy ass! It's not gonna be that easy!
-[door opens]
-[Musashi] What's up?
[all] Musashi!
Seriously, what the heck, Mob?
Did you pass out again?
-[Tome] Inukawa, get some water!
-[Inukawa] Right. Sure.
[Go] So what's goin' on?
Why did you insist
on bringing us here again?
I guess you haven't given up
on psychic powers, huh?
Well, I wasn't the one who requested you.
Actually, it was for someone else.
[Teru] Hey, nice to meet you.
So you guys must be
the research subjects here.
[Rei] Whoa. It's another hot guy.
I see. Your powers are still kinda weak,
but they're totally worth nurturing.
Let me introduce Hanazawa, everyone.
He helped fight the organization that day.
What do you say?
Do you guys want to train with me
to help you get stronger?
Huh?
[Teru] Since one of their divisions
was crushed,
I'm sure Claw will make a move again soon.
It'll be for self-defense,
so you can fight back when that happens.
[Mitsuura] And I'll be here as support.
[sighs] We should.
Kageyama took all the glory that night.
-We barely even helped.
-You're right.
-Come on guys, let's do this!
-[all] Yeah!
-["Refrain Boy" playing]
-[Reigen] Oh, hey.
So what brings you here?
I'm only here
because Shigeo asked me to come.
He passed out
and can't help with exorcising spirits.
Now that I think about it,
do you even need Shigeo anymore?
You awakened your psychic powers, right?
Don't be stupid.
Everything you saw was Mob's powers.
The only thing I gained from it
is the ability to see you now.
Otherwise, nothing's changed at all.
Back to a plain ol' con artist, huh?
You're a rather rude spirit, aren't you?
Okay. Then come along and help me out.
The name was Dimple, wasn't it?
Huh? You're kidding me.
Why do I have to help you?
Isn't that the reason
he had you come over to begin with?
If he just wanted to say hi,
he could've simply called me up.
[Dimple] What? You can't be serious!
Who do you guys think I am?
[Reigen] Well, unless I'm mistaken,
you're Mob's errand boy.
[Dimple] I'm a high-level evil spirit!
[Sho] I'm disappointed in you, you coward.
[Mob] Did I do something
he thought was lame?
Did I make some kind of mistake?
-[wobbly boing]
-Oh.
Really, Shigeo? Again?
I thought I told you
to fix that habit of yours.
Come on, dear, he's just at that age.
Let him bend all the spoons he wants.
What's the big deal?
[Mrs. Kageyama]
You always say that, you pushover.
[Ritsu] Here. Let me see it.
What is with these kids?
There. Good as new.
Thanks, Ritsu. Appreciate it.
[Mob] Eh, who cares
what some guy thinks anyway?
[phone ringing]
-[Sho] Oh! I've been looking for you.
-[song fades]
[Sho] Hello? Yeah, I dropped my phone.
The 7th Division?
[chuckling] They were annihilated.
Espers infiltrated the place
and slaughtered the upper echelon.
The division leader, Ishiguro,
went down like a house of cards.
[chuckles] Oh,
and as for all of the underlings?
The enemy totally appealed
to their emotions and won them over.
-[laughs]
-Sho, what're you talking about?
I was asking you for
a status report on the inspection.
The organization you're so proud of
isn't the best in the world
by a long shot.
Quit messin' around and come back
to Japan already, Dad, you idiot.
Makin' me do an annoying inspection.
[chuckles] I sure told him.
Yes. I'll return very soon.
SPIRITS AND SUCH CONSULTATION OFFICE
[reporter over TV]
And now, the local news.
Throughout Seasoning City,
we've gotten reports
of tsuchinoko sightings.
City Hall, in a bid
to reinvigorate the area,
put a bounty on the tsuchinoko
and is requesting help in capturing it.
Hey, Mob, are you free right now?
Meet me here in 90 minutes
in your exercise clothes.
Yeah, something you can get dirty in.
MOB AND REIGEN
~A GIANT TSUCHINOKO APPEARS~
[quirky music playing]
[Reigen] We're gonna capture a tsuchinoko.
Huh?
Come on, aren't you excited?
[Mob] Isn't this private property?
[Reigen] It's the kind of place
where those suckers are known to show up.
[Mob] Have you ever seen
a tsuchinoko, Master?
[Reigen] Nope. It's just a hunch.
That's pretty random.
[Reigen] Don't you have
any passion for UMAs?
You know, Bigfoot, Nessie, and tsuchinoko!
From what I understand,
there's a bounty on its head.
Well, there's that, too.
-[Mob] Master, um--
-[Reigen] What is it?
[Mob] I don't think amateurs
without hiking experience
should go this deep into the mountains.
[Reigen] Listen, Mob.
We might be amateurs
when it comes to hiking,
but you have psychic powers.
So to me, that kinda evens things out.
Add that to my ingenuity,
and we've got a--
[gasps] Check it out! Over there!
Get your net ready, Mob!
I knew this place was the jackpot
when we got here!
Huh? You actually found one?
No, it's a matsutake! It's huge!
[Mob] Oh.
After all that talk about passion,
he's already distracted by the matsutake.
[gasps]
-[roars]
-[Reigen] The hell is that?
Whatever it is, it's starving
and headed right for us!
We're gonna exorcise it, Mob!
Actually, Master, isn't that
the UMA we were looking for?
You idiot! Those things don't exist!
-[pants] Quick! Quick! Kill it!
-Okay.
-[gentle music playing]
-[Reigen] Amazing.
It shrank so much after you exorcised it.
[Mob] Actually,
that's 'cause it threw up a lot.
What the hell was that thing anyway?
-So weird.
-You already picked that many?
Whatever. Let's go home.
But the tsuchinoko.
[Reigen scoffs]
What are you talkin' about?
-Those things don't exist.
-[bell dinging]
[Reigen] I'm gonna grill up
some matsutake.
-You'll have some, right?
-[Mob] Sure.
[Reigen] Guess we should
buy some kabosu, too.
[Mob] Sounds good.
-[sizzling]
-[music concludes]